Port Driver Station Log Viewer from Screensteps (#139)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/driverstation/driver-station-log-viewer.rst

Ethernet cable issue on robot
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: images/driver-station-log-viewer/ethernetcableissue.png

An issue with the ethernet cable on the robot is primarily indicated by the ping to the roboRIO going to bad and Radio Lost and Radio Seen events when the roboRIO reconnects. The "Time since robot boot" message when the roboRIO reconnects will also indicate that the roboRIO has not rebooted. In this example, the robot Ethernet cable was disconnected at 3:31:38. The ping status indicates that the D-Link radio is still connected. When the robot reconnects at 3:32:08 the "Tim since robot boot" is 1809 seconds indicating that the roboRIO clearly did not reboot. At 3:32:12 the robot indicates that it lost the radio 24.505 seconds ago and it returned 0.000 seconds ago. These points are plotted as vertical lines on the graph, yellow for radio lost and green for radio seen. Note that the times are slightly offset from the actual events as shown via the disconnection and connection, but help to provide additional information about what is occurring.

Radio reboot
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: images/driver-station-log-viewer/radioreboot.png

> A reboot of the robot radio is typically characterized by a loss of connection to the radio for ~25-30 seconds. In this example, the radio briefly lost power at 3:22:44, causing it to start rebooting. The event at 3:22:45 indicates that the ping to the radio failed. At 3:23:11, the DS regains communication with the roboRIO and the roboRIO indicates it gas been up for 1272.775 seconds, ruling out a roboRIO reboot. Note that the network switch on the radio comes back up very quickly so a momentary power loss may not result in a "radio lost"/"radio seen" event pair. A longer disturbance may result in radio events being logged by the DS. In that case, the distinguishing factor which points towards a radio reboot is the ping status of the radio from the DS. If the radio resets, the radio will be unreachable. If the issue is a cabling or connection issue on the robot, the radio ping should remain "GOOD".

Reviewer: gas -> has and a radio reboot is ~40 seconds.
```suggestion
A reboot of the robot radio is typically characterized by a loss of connection to the radio for ~40-45 seconds. In this example, the radio briefly lost power at 3:22:44, causing it to start rebooting. The event at 3:22:45 indicates that the ping to the radio failed. At 3:23:11, the DS regains communication with the roboRIO and the roboRIO indicates it has been up for 1272.775 seconds, ruling out a roboRIO reboot. Note that the network switch on the radio comes back up very quickly so a momentary power loss may not result in a "radio lost"/"radio seen" event pair. A longer disturbance may result in radio events being logged by the DS. In that case, the distinguishing factor which points towards a radio reboot is the ping status of the radio from the DS. If the radio resets, the radio will be unreachable. If the issue is a cabling or connection issue on the robot, the radio ping should remain "GOOD".
```
